//-- Patricia Maura L. Mercado
//-- GD1T

Interventions

1. I want to go from 3 to 4 when it comes 
to marking pages when reading. I will try 
to be even more conscious of what I read
and jot down notes.

2. I want to go from 2 to at least a 3 when
it comes to preparing for a tests by allocating
enough time to study and minimizing the
distractions.

3. I want to go from 3 to 4 when it comes to
choosing a regular study place when I study.
I should most likely try to study in my room
instead of the study room because I don't
feel comfortable there and there are too many
creepy things in the study room such as heads
of dead people.

4. I want to go from 3 to 4 in stress management
by trying to understand why these things happen
and calmly finding a way to solve the problem.

5. I gave myself a 4 in choosing my study partners
because I have always been very picky when it
came to who I studied with. They always had to
know something and be able to mutually exchange
knowledge. I don't want to teach someone who
doesn't know anything because it only frustrates me.

6. I want to go from 3 to 4 in distributing study 
time before an exame by staying away from
distractions and trying to remain calm and continue
studying but not in such a way that I would
completely stress myself out.

7. I gave myself a 4 in sleeping and eating properly
because I always make it a point to eat adequately 
and try to get enough sleep. I just need to try to 
maintain this- even if the others already assure me
that 'sleep is for n00bs'

8. I want to go from 2 to 3 in listening to the 
instructor by not letting any personal biases distract
me and by not getting distracted and allowing myself
to get caught up in drawing.

9. I want to go from a 3 to 4 in listening and note-
taking by trying to ask how the test will be to
the teacher and trying to gather hints as to what
will be on the test.

10. I want to go from a 2 to 4 in note-taking by
reviewing what I have written and trying to memorize
and understand what I have written for the day.

11. I want to go from a 2 to 3 in organizing
my notes so that it will be easier for me to understand
and review them. That way I can save time by not
having to decipher and re-write them.

12. I want to go from 2 to 3 in test taking by
truly allocating a 'study time' instead of just hoping
I have some free time later in the day.